There is one more thing that still remains to be done about deleting models and this is our tests.
So as you know in our post test we are checking if the model works was successfully deleted and what
we are using is our database missing which is checking whether the record was actually deleted from
the database.
So since we aren't deleting it anymore we are using self delete.
So it is being marked as deleted but it stays inside the database.
This test will fail but we also have another problem.
So let's see what that would be by running the unit tests using the command you see on the bottom in
the terminal so we see quite a lot of errors.
So let's scroll to the actual problem and you can see that Eskew light doesn't support dropping for
in case you would need to recreate that table.
And this is happening in our app method for our recent migration that we have created to basically recreate
the foreign key and it complains about this line so we can use our usual trick that we did before.
It's it is just checking for the environment.
And in case of the Eskew a light we just want to drop this for a key so let's just copy and paste it.
And in this case we want to be checking whether it is a skill light testing we'll just check if it's
not.
So it will only work for our usual database.
My sequel but for Eskew a light it just wants to drop this foreign key.
Now let's rerun the unit tests and now we see that we have one failure and it is that our data doesn't
match with what we expect.
So we expect we expect not to find a record and it is actually found with the deleted out date.
So this is happening here inside our test delete and what we can do for our self deleted models is instead
of using us a database missing we can use another method assert self to delete it.
Here you also have to specify a table name and then the data.
So we already have that.
So this would be posed to our array.
Nothing changes here.
Just make sure you will comment out this line and now take a look at the terminal.
We'll be running unit tests again and they should be passing right now.
Of course they do.
So this is what you should use when you have solved delete double models and you verified that in tests.
So instead of assert the database missing we check which checks if the record was actually deleted from
the database we can use assert self deleted.